UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

October 23, 2023

Chevron Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-00368

94-0890210

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

(Commission File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

6001 Bollinger Canyon Road
,
San Ramon
,
CA

94583

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

(
925
)
842-1000

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☒

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $.75 per share

CVX

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company
☐

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
☐

Item 8.01
Other Events.

On October 23, 2023, Chevron Corporation (“
Chevron
”)
and Hess Corporation (“
Hess
”) issued a joint press release announcing the execution of an Agreement and Plan of Merger,
dated as of October 22, 2023 (the “
Merger Agreement
”), by and among Chevron, Hess, and Yankee Merger Sub Inc. (“
Merger
Subsidiary
”), a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Chevron. Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, Merger Subsidiary shall merge
with and into Hess (the “
Merger
”), with Hess surviving and continuing as the surviving corporation of the Merger as
a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Chevron. A copy of the joint press release is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and incorporated
herein by reference.

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

This communication contains “forward-looking
statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws, including Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. You can identify these statements and other forward-looking statements
in this document by words such as “expects,” “focus,” “intends,” “anticipates,” “plans,”
“targets,” “poised,” “advances,” “drives,” “aims,” “forecasts,”
“believes,” “approaches,” “seeks,” “schedules,” “estimates,” “positions,”
“pursues,” “progress,” “may,” “can,” “could,” “should,” “will,”
“budgets,” “outlook,” “trends,” “guidance,” “commits,” “on track,”
“objectives,” “goals,” “projects,” “strategies,” “opportunities,” “potential,”
“ambitions,” “aspires” and similar expressions, and variations or negatives of these words, but not all forward-looking
statements include such words.

Forward-looking statements by their nature
address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain, such as statements about the consummation of the potential transaction, including
the expected time period to consummate the potential transaction, and the anticipated benefits (including synergies) of the potential
transaction. All such forward-looking statements are based upon current plans, estimates, expectations and ambitions that are subject
to risks, uncertainties and assumptions, many of which are beyond the control of Chevron and Hess, that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expressed in such forward-looking statements. Key factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
include, but are not limited to the risk that regulatory approvals are not obtained or are obtained subject to conditions that are not
anticipated by Chevron and Hess; potential delays in consummating the potential transaction, including as a result of regulatory approvals;
Chevron’s ability to integrate Hess’ operations in a successful manner and in the expected time period; the possibility that
any of the anticipated benefits and projected synergies of the potential transaction will not be realized or will not be realized within
the expected time period; the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger
agreement; risks that the anticipated tax treatment of the potential transaction is not obtained; unforeseen or unknown liabilities; customer,
shareholder, regulatory and other stakeholder approvals and support; unexpected future capital expenditures; potential litigation relating
to the potential transaction that could be instituted against Chevron and Hess or their respective directors; the possibility that the
transaction may be more expensive to complete than anticipated, including as a result of unexpected factors or events; the effect of the
announcement, pendency or completion of the potential transaction on the parties’ business relationships and business generally;
risks that the potential transaction disrupts current plans and operations of Chevron or Hess and potential difficulties in Hess employee
retention as a result of the transaction, as well as the risk of disruption of Chevron’s or Hess’ management and business
disruption during the pendency of, or following, the potential transaction; the receipt of required Chevron Board of Directors’
authorizations to implement capital allocation strategies, including future dividend payments; uncertainties as to whether the potential
transaction will be consummated on the anticipated timing or at all, or if consummated, will achieve its anticipated economic benefits,
including as a result of risks associated with third party contracts containing material consent, anti-assignment, transfer or other provisions
that may be related to the potential transaction which are not waived or otherwise satisfactorily resolved; changes in commodity prices;
negative effects of this announcement, and the pendency or completion of the proposed acquisition on the market price of Chevron’s
or Hess’ common stock and/or operating results; rating agency actions and Chevron’s and Hess’ ability to access short-
and long-term debt markets on a timely and affordable basis; various events that could disrupt operations, including severe weather, such
as droughts, floods, avalanches and earthquakes, and cybersecurity attacks, as well as security threats and governmental response to them,
and technological changes; labor disputes; changes in labor costs and labor difficulties; the effects of industry, market, economic, political
or regulatory conditions outside of Chevron’s or Hess’ control; legislative, regulatory and economic developments targeting
public companies in the oil and gas industry; and the risks described in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of (i) Chevron’s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 and (ii) Hess’ Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, and, in each case, in subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Other unpredictable
or factors not discussed in this communication could also have material adverse effects on forward-looking statements. Neither Chevron
nor Hess assumes an obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. You are cautioned not to place undue
reliance on any of these forward-looking statements as they are not guarantees of future performance or outcomes and that actual performance
and outcomes. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date hereof.

CAUTIONARY NOTE TO INVESTORS

This communication uses certain terms relating
to resources other than proved reserves, such as unproved reserves or resources. Investors are urged to consider closely the oil and gas
disclosures in Hess’ Annual Report on Form 10-K, File No. 1-1204, available from Hess Corporation, 1185 Avenue of the Americas,
New York, New York 10036 c/o Corporate Secretary and on Hess’ website at www.hess.com. You can also obtain this form from the SEC
on the EDGAR system.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS
AND STOCKHOLDERS

This communication does not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of
securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements
of Section 10 of the Securities Act. In connection with the potential transaction, Chevron expects to file a registration statement on
Form S-4 with the SEC containing a preliminary prospectus of Chevron that also constitutes a preliminary proxy statement of Hess. After
the registration statement is declared effective, Hess will mail a definitive proxy statement/prospectus to stockholders of Hess. This
communication is not a substitute for the proxy statement/prospectus or registration statement or for any other document that Chevron
or Hess may file with the SEC and send to Hess’ stockholders in connection with the potential transaction. INVESTORS AND SECURITY
HOLDERS OF CHEVRON AND HESS ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY AND IN THEIR
ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. Investors and security holders will be able to obtain
free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by Chevron or Hess through the website
maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Chevron will be available free of charge on
Chevron’s website at http://www.chevron.com/investors. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Hess will be available free
of charge on Hess’ website at http://www.hess.com/investors.

Chevron and Hess and certain of their respective
directors, certain of their respective executive officers and other members of management and employees may be considered participants
in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the potential transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and
executive officers of Chevron is set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was filed with
the SEC on February 23, 2023, and its proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April
12, 2023. Information about the directors and executive officers of Hess is set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, which was filed with the SEC on February 24, 2023, and its proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders,
which was filed with the SEC on April 6, 2023. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Additional
information regarding the interests of such participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the potential transaction will be
included in the registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they
become available.

Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)

Exhibits
.

Exhibit No.

Description

99.1

Joint Press Release issued by Chevron Corporation and Hess Corporation dated October 23, 2023.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: October 23, 2023

CHEVRON CORPORATION

By:

/s/ Christine L. Cavallo

Name:

Christine L. Cavallo

Title:

Assistant Secretary