UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported):

May 22, 2023

Chevron Corporation

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

Delaware

001-00368

94-0890210

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

(Commission File Number)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

6001 Bollinger Canyon Road
,
San Ramon
,
CA

94583

(Address of Principal Executive Offices)

(Zip Code)

(
925
)
842-1000

Registrant’s telephone number, including area code

N/A

(Former name or former address, if changed since last report)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligations of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☒

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $.75 per share

CVX

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (§240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company
☐

If an emerging
growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.
☐

Item 8.01
Other Events.

On May 22, 2023, Chevron Corporation (“Chevron”) and
PDC Energy, Inc. (“PDC”) issued a news release announcing the execution of an Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May
21, 2023, by and among Chevron, PDC, and Bronco Merger Sub Inc., a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of Chevron. A copy of the news release
is filed as Exhibit 99.1 to this report and incorporated herein by reference.

CAUTIONARY STATEMENTS RELEVANT TO FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION
FOR THE PURPOSE OF “SAFE HARBOR” PROVISIONS OF THE PRIVATE SECURITIES LITIGATION REFORM ACT OF 1995

This communication contains forward-looking
statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. These forward-looking statements generally include statements regarding
the potential transaction between Chevron and PDC, including any statements regarding the expected timetable for completing the potential
transaction, the ability to complete the potential transaction, the expected benefits of the potential transaction (including anticipated
accretion to return on capital employed, free cash flow, and earnings per share, as well as the expected delivery of higher returns and
lower upstream carbon intensity) and projected operational and capital synergies, projected financial information, future opportunities,
and any other statements regarding Chevron’s and PDC’s future expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, results of operations,
financial condition and cash flows, or future events or performance. Words or phrases such as “anticipates,” “expects,”
“intends,” “plans,” “targets,” “advances,” “commits,” “drives,”
“aims,” “forecasts,” “projects,” “believes,” “approaches,” “seeks,”
“schedules,” “estimates,” “positions,” “pursues,” “progress,” “may,”
“can,” “could,” “should,” “will,” “budgets,” “outlook,” “trends,”
“guidance,” “focus,” “on track,” “goals,” “objectives,” “strategies,”
“opportunities,” “poised,” “potential,” “ambitions,” “aspires” and similar
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. All such forward-looking statements are based on current expectations
of Chevron’s and PDC’s management and therefore involve estimates and assumptions that are subject to risks, uncertainties
and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results expressed in the statements. Key factors that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements include the ability to obtain the
requisite PDC stockholder approval; uncertainties as to the timing to consummate the potential transaction; the risk that a condition
to closing the potential transaction may not be satisfied; the risk that regulatory approvals are not obtained or are obtained subject
to conditions that are not anticipated by the parties; the effects of disruption to Chevron’s or PDC’s respective businesses;
transaction costs; Chevron’s ability to achieve the benefits and projected operational and capital synergies from the proposed transaction;
Chevron’s ability to promptly, efficiently and effectively integrate acquired operations into its own operations; unknown liabilities;
the diversion of management time on transaction-related issues; and the effects of industry, market, economic, political or regulatory
conditions outside of Chevron’s or PDC’s control. Additional risks that may affect Chevron’s results of operations and
financial position appear in Part I, Item 1A “Risk Factors” of Chevron’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, and in subsequent filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”). Other unpredictable
or factors not discussed in this news release could also have material adverse effects on forward-looking statements. Chevron assumes
no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on
these forward-looking statements that speak only as of the date hereof.

IMPORTANT INFORMATION FOR INVESTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS

This communication does not constitute an offer
to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities or a solicitation of any vote or approval, nor shall there be any sale of
securities in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under
the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. No offer of securities shall be made except by means of a prospectus meeting the requirements
of Section 10 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. In connection with the potential transaction, Chevron expects to file a registration
statement on Form S-4 with the SEC containing a preliminary prospectus of Chevron that also constitutes a preliminary proxy statement
of PDC. After the registration statement is declared effective, PDC will mail a definitive proxy statement/prospectus to stockholders
of PDC. This communication is not a substitute for the proxy statement/prospectus or registration statement or for any other document
that Chevron or PDC may file with the SEC and send to PDC’s stockholders in connection with the potential transaction. INVESTORS
AND SECURITY HOLDERS OF CHEVRON AND PDC ARE URGED TO READ THE PROXY STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS AND OTHER DOCUMENTS FILED WITH THE SEC CAREFULLY
AND IN THEIR ENTIRETY WHEN THEY BECOME AVAILABLE BECAUSE THEY WILL CONTAIN IMPORTANT INFORMATION. Investors and security holders will
be able to obtain free copies of the proxy statement/prospectus (when available) and other documents filed with the SEC by Chevron or
PDC through the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov. Copies of the documents filed with the SEC by Chevron will be available
free of charge on Chevron’s website at http://www.chevron.com/investors.

Chevron and PDC and certain of their respective
directors, certain of their respective executive officers and other members of management and employees may be considered participants
in the solicitation of proxies with respect to the potential transaction under the rules of the SEC. Information about the directors and
executive officers of Chevron is set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, which was filed with
the SEC on February 23, 2023, and its proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders, which was filed with the SEC on April
12, 2023. Information about the directors and executive officers of PDC is set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022, which was filed with the SEC on February 22, 2023, and its proxy statement for its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders,
which was filed with the SEC on April 12, 2023. These documents can be obtained free of charge from the sources indicated above. Additional
information regarding the interests of such participants in the solicitation of proxies in respect of the potential transaction will be
included in the registration statement and proxy statement/prospectus and other relevant materials to be filed with the SEC when they
become available.

Item 9.01
Financial Statements and Exhibits.

(d)
Exhibits
.

Exhibit Number

Description

99.1

News release issued by Chevron Corporation and PDC Energy, Inc. dated May 22, 2023.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document).

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

Dated: May 22, 2023

CHEVRON CORPORATION

By

/s/
Christine L. Cavallo

Assistant Secretary