UNITED
STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM
8-K

CURRENT
REPORT

Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

Date of Report (Date of earliest event reported)

November 4, 2022

General Electric Company

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

New York

001-00035

14-0689340

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation)

(Commission
File Number)

(IRS Employer
Identification No.)

5 Necco Street
,
Boston
,
MA

02210

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

(Registrant’s telephone number, including
area code)
(
617
)
443-3000

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report.)

Check the appropriate box below if the Form 8-K filing is intended
to simultaneously satisfy the filing obligation of the registrant under any of the following provisions:

☐

Written communications pursuant to Rule 425 under the Securities Act (17 CFR 230.425)

☐

Soliciting material pursuant to Rule 14a-12 under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14a-12)

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 14d-2(b) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.14d-2(b))

☐

Pre-commencement communications pursuant to Rule 13e-4(c) under the Exchange Act (17 CFR 240.13e-4(c))

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

Title of each class

Trading Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange on which registered

Common stock, par value $0.01 per share

GE

New York Stock Exchange

1.250% Notes due 2023

GE 23E

New York Stock Exchange

0.875% Notes due 2025

GE 25

New York Stock Exchange

1.875% Notes due 2027

GE 27E

New York Stock Exchange

1.500% Notes due 2029

GE 29

New York Stock Exchange

7 1/2% Guaranteed Subordinated Notes due 2035

GE /35

New York Stock Exchange

2.125% Notes due 2037

GE 37

New York Stock Exchange

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is an emerging growth
company as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act of 1933 (§230.405 of this chapter) or Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 (§ 240.12b-2 of this chapter).

Emerging
growth company
☐

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for
complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act.

☐

Item 1.01

Entry into a Material Definitive Agreement

On November 7, 2022, General Electric Company (“GE”)
and GE Healthcare Holding LLC (“GEHC”), a wholly owned subsidiary of GE, entered into a Separation and Distribution
Agreement (the “Separation and Distribution Agreement”). The Separation and Distribution Agreement sets forth GEHC’s
agreements with GE regarding the principal actions to be taken in connection with the planned spin-off by GE of GEHC (the “Spin-Off”),
and also sets forth other agreements that govern aspects of GEHC’s relationship with GE following the Spin-Off. The terms
and conditions of the Separation and Distribution Agreement are the same as the terms and conditions thereof as previously reported
under “Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions—Agreements with GE—Separation and Distribution Agreement”
in GEHC’s registration statement on Form 10 (File No. 001-41528), which is incorporated by reference herein.

The foregoing description of the Separation and Distribution
Agreement does not purport to be a complete statement of the parties’ rights and obligations under such agreement, and is
qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the Separation and Distribution Agreement, a copy of which was filed
as an exhibit to GEHC’s Form 10 filed with the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
(the “SEC”) on November 7, 2022 (“November 7 Form 10”)
.

Item 2.03

Creation of a Direct Financial Obligation or an Obligation under an Off-Balance Sheet Arrangement of a Registrant

On November 4, 2022, GEHC entered, with the respective syndicates
of lenders and issuers named therein and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent, into: (i) a five-year senior unsecured revolving
credit facility (the “5-Year Revolving Credit Facility”) in an aggregate committed amount of $2.5 billion; (ii) a
364-day senior unsecured revolving facility (the “364-Day Revolving Credit Facility” and, together with the 5-Year
Revolving Credit Facility, the “Revolving Credit Facilities”) in an aggregate committed amount of $1.0 billion;
and (iii) a three-year senior unsecured term loan credit facility (the “Term Loan Facility” and, together with
the Revolving Credit Facilities, the “Credit Facilities”), in an aggregate principal amount of $2.0 billion, all in
connection with the Spin-Off. GE has the option to guarantee the Term Loan Facility until the consummation of the Spin-Off. Borrowings
under the Revolving Credit Facilities will be available in U.S. dollars and Euros. Up to $200 million of the 5-Year Revolving
Credit Facility is available for the purpose of issuing letters of credit.

Each of the Credit Facilities became effective on November 4,
2022 (each, an “Effective Date”). The 5-Year Revolving Credit Facility will mature five years after its Effective Date,
the 364-Day Revolving Credit Facility will mature 364 days after its Effective Date, and the Term Loan Facility will mature three
years after its Effective Date.

The interest rate applicable to loans under the Credit Facilities
is (x) with respect to borrowings in U.S. dollars, at GEHC’s option, equal to either an alternate base rate or
an adjusted term SOFR rate for a one-, three- or six-month interest period and (y) with respect to borrowings in Euros under
the Revolving Credit Facilities, the EURIBOR rate for a one-, three- or six-month interest period, in each case, plus an applicable
margin. The applicable margin payable on borrowings will be determined by reference to a pricing schedule based on GEHC’s
senior unsecured long-term debt ratings. In addition, GEHC will pay customary commitment fees based on the unused portion of the
respective commitments of the lenders under each Revolving Credit Facility. There will be no amortization with respect to the borrowings
under any of the Credit Facilities.

GEHC may voluntarily prepay borrowings under the Credit Facilities
without premium or penalty, subject to customary “breakage” costs with respect to loans bearing interest by reference
to the applicable adjusted term SOFR rate or the EURIBOR rate. GEHC may also voluntarily reduce the commitments under any of the
Revolving Credit Facilities, in whole or in part, in each case, subject to certain minimum reduction amounts. The Credit Facilities
also include certain customary mandatory prepayment provisions.

The Credit Facilities include various customary covenants that
limit, among other things, the incurrence of liens and the entry into certain fundamental change transactions by GEHC. The Credit
Facilities include customary events of default, including with respect to a failure to make timely payments under the Credit Facilities,
violation of covenants, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, cross-acceleration and certain bankruptcy and insolvency
events.

The foregoing descriptions of the 5-Year Revolving Credit Facility,
the 364-Day Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility do not purport to be a complete statement of the parties’
rights and obligations under each such Credit Facility and the foregoing is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full
text of the 5-Year Revolving Credit Facility, the 364-Day Revolving Credit Facility and the Term Loan Facility, as applicable,
copies of which were filed as exhibits to the
November 7 Form 10
.

Item 7.01

Regulation FD Disclosure

On November 8, 2022, GEHC announced its intention to conduct
meetings with investors. A potential series of private debt offerings by GEHC in connection with the Spin-Off may follow.

(
2
)

The information provided pursuant to Item 7.01 of this Current
Report on Form 8-K is being furnished and shall not be deemed “filed” for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that Section and
shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of GE under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities
Act”), or the Exchange Act. The information set forth under this Item 7.01 shall not be deemed an admission as to the
materiality of any information in this Current Report on Form 8-K.

Item 8.01

Other Events

On November 8, 2022, GE issued a press release announcing
the commencement of a tender offer to purchase for cash certain of the existing debt securities issued by GE or certain affiliates
(and assumed or guaranteed by GE) (the “Tender Offer”). A copy of that press release is attached as Exhibit 99
and incorporated by reference herein.

Item 9.01

Financial Statements and Exhibits

(d) Exhibits

Exhibit

Description

2.1

Separation and Distribution Agreement, dated November 7, 2022, by and between General Electric Company and GE Healthcare Holding LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to GE Healthcare Holding LLC’s Form 10 filed with the Commission on November 7, 2022 (Commission file number 001-41528)).

10.1

Term Loan Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022, by and among GE Healthcare Holding LLC, as the borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to GE Healthcare Holding LLC’s Form 10 filed with the Commission on November 7, 2022 (Commission file number 001-41528)).

10.2

364-Day Revolving Credit Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022, by and among GE Healthcare Holding LLC, as the borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to GE Healthcare Holding LLC’s Form 10 filed with the Commission on November 7, 2022 (Commission file number 001-41528)).

10.3

Credit Agreement, dated as of November 4, 2022, by and among GE Healthcare Holding LLC, as the borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto and Citibank, N.A., as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to GE Healthcare Holding LLC’s Form 10 filed with the Commission on November 7, 2022 (Commission file number 001-41528)).

99

Press release, dated November 8, 2022 issued by GE.

104

The cover page from this Current Report on Form 8-K, formatted
in Inline XBRL.

Forward-looking statements.

This document
contains “forward-looking statements”—that is, statements related to future, not past, events. These forward-looking
statements often address GE’s expected future business and financial performance and financial condition, and often contain
words such as “expect,” “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “believe,”
“seek,” “see,” “will,” “would,” “estimate,” “forecast,”
“target,” “preliminary,” or “range.” Forward-looking statements by their nature address matters
that are, to different degrees, uncertain, and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. For GE, particular areas where
risks or uncertainties could cause GE’s actual results to be materially different than those expressed in GE’s forward-looking
statements include:
the expected timing, size or other terms of the Tender Offer and GE’s ability to complete the
Tender Offer;
GE’s success in executing and completing asset dispositions or other transactions,
including GE’s plans to pursue the Spin-Off and the spin-off its portfolio of energy businesses that are planned to be combined
as GE Vernova (Renewable Energy, Power, Digital and Energy Financial Services), and sales or other dispositions of GE’s equity
interests in Baker Hughes Company and AerCap Holdings N.V. and GE’s expected equity interest in GEHC after the Spin-Off,
the timing for such transactions, the ability to satisfy any applicable pre-conditions, and the expected proceeds, consideration
and benefits to GE; changes in macroeconomic and market conditions and market volatility, including impacts related to the COVID-19
pandemic, risk of recession, inflation, supply chain constraints or disruptions, rising interest rates, oil, natural gas and other
commodity prices and exchange rates, and the impact of such changes and volatility on GE’s business operations, financial
results and financial position; and GE’s de-leveraging and capital allocation plans, including with respect to actions to
reduce its indebtedness, the capital structures of the three public companies that GE plans to form from its businesses, the timing
and amount of dividends, share repurchases, organic investments, and other priorities; and other factors that are described in
the “Risk Factors” section of GE’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021
and its Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022, as such descriptions may be updated or amended
in any future reports that GE files with the SEC. These or other uncertainties may cause GE’s actual future results to be
materially different than those expressed in its forward-looking statements. GE does not undertake to update its forward-looking
statements.

(
3
)

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized.

General Electric Company

(Registrant)

Date: November 8, 2022

/s/ Brandon Smith

Brandon Smith

Vice President, Chief Corporate, Securities & Finance Counsel